New Routing Documentation (#424)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: articles/what-is-routing.mdx

---
_schema: default
_uuid: caec51c2-18fe-4878-8b2b-94cc016038a0
_created_at: 2025-01-15T10:16:33+13:00
title: What is routing?
nav_title: What is routing?
published: true
image: >-
  https://cc-dam.imgix.net/documentation/images/default-thumbnail/2023-Q4/CloudCannon-Documentation-Thumbnail.png
description: Learn about routing and how you can implement it for your website.
article_category:
  - Explanation
article_topic:
  - Routing
  - Hosting
tags: []
related_articles: []
related_links: []
explicit_canonical:
---

> In web development, routing is the process that determines what content a visitor to your Site should see when they enter a URL in their Internet browser or change pages by clicking an internal link on your Site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In web development, routing is the process that determines what content a visitor to your Site should see when they enter a URL in their internet browser or change pages by clicking an internal link on your Site.
```

?

Reviewer 2: Internet with a capital I is more common in US English

> By default, when visitors enter a URL or click on a link, they will see the content for the file with a file name that matches the URL slug. In most cases, default routing will deliver the correct content to your user. However, you should employ custom routing to avoid the following pitfalls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when visitors enter a URL or click on a link, they will see the content for the file with a file name that matches the URL. In most cases, default routing will deliver the correct content to your user. However, you should employ custom routing in the following situations:
```
